README.md, before:

[![EduCATS](./graphics/banner.png)](https://educats.bntu.by/)

# EduCATS Xamarin

A cross-platform client for the [Leaning Management System EduCATS](https://github.com/hawkrai/lmsystem) written with [Xamarin.Forms](https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Forms) framework.

[![Framework](./graphics/badge-xamarin.svg)](https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Forms)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/dc4c2525ada1acbb08b9/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/IlyaLehchylin/educats-xamarin/maintainability)
[![Build Status](https://app.bitrise.io/app/40deffc8ec9f68cb/status.svg?token=lad_Hoh-bh7sdRhCkidZjQ&branch=develop)](https://app.bitrise.io/app/40deffc8ec9f68cb)

## Tables of Contents

* [Documentation](https://ilyalehchylin.github.io/educats-xamarin/)
* [Dependencies](#dependencies)
* [Contributing](#contributing)

### Dependencies

| Name                                                                      | Description                                           |
| :---:                                                                     | :---:                                                 |
| **[CrossLocalization](https://github.com/nyxbull/CrossLocalization)**     | Custom localization library with JSON files           |
| **[Icons8](https://icons8.com/)**                                         | Icons for application                                 |
| **[ACR User Dialogs](https://github.com/aritchie/userdialogs)**           | Cross-platform library for calling standard dialogs |
| **[Microcharts](https://github.com/dotnet-ad/Microcharts)**               | Charting library (e.g. Radar chart)                   |
| **[Monkey Cache](https://github.com/jamesmontemagno/monkey-cache)**       | Data caching                                         |
| **[Xamarin.Essentials](https://docs.microsoft.com/xamarin/essentials/)**  | Helper tools for Xamarin.Forms                       |
| **[FFImageLoading](https://github.com/luberda-molinet/FFImageLoading)**   | Library for extended image loading & handling         |
| **[DocFX](https://github.com/dotnet/docfx)**  						  	| Project's documentation tools	  		               |
| **[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)**  						  	| Open-source fonts				  		               |

### Contributing

Check [CONTRIBUTING.md](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to know how to help with the project.

Commit message:

[UPDATE] Added Code of Conduct

README.md, after:

[![EduCATS](./graphics/banner.png)](https://educats.bntu.by/)

# EduCATS Xamarin

A cross-platform client for the [Leaning Management System EduCATS](https://github.com/hawkrai/lmsystem) written with [Xamarin.Forms](https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Forms) framework.

[![Framework](./graphics/badge-xamarin.svg)](https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Forms)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/dc4c2525ada1acbb08b9/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/IlyaLehchylin/educats-xamarin/maintainability)
[![Build Status](https://app.bitrise.io/app/40deffc8ec9f68cb/status.svg?token=lad_Hoh-bh7sdRhCkidZjQ&branch=develop)](https://app.bitrise.io/app/40deffc8ec9f68cb)

## Tables of Contents

* [Documentation](https://ilyalehchylin.github.io/educats-xamarin/)
* [Dependencies](#dependencies)
* [Contributing](#contributing)

### Dependencies

| Name                                                                      | Description                                           |
| :---:                                                                     | :---:                                                 |
| **[CrossLocalization](https://github.com/nyxbull/CrossLocalization)**     | Custom localization library with JSON files           |
| **[Icons8](https://icons8.com/)**                                         | Icons for application                                 |
| **[ACR User Dialogs](https://github.com/aritchie/userdialogs)**           | Cross-platform library for calling standard dialogs |
| **[Microcharts](https://github.com/dotnet-ad/Microcharts)**               | Charting library (e.g. Radar chart)                   |
| **[Monkey Cache](https://github.com/jamesmontemagno/monkey-cache)**       | Data caching                                         |
| **[Xamarin.Essentials](https://docs.microsoft.com/xamarin/essentials/)**  | Helper tools for Xamarin.Forms                       |
| **[FFImageLoading](https://github.com/luberda-molinet/FFImageLoading)**   | Library for extended image loading & handling         |
| **[DocFX](https://github.com/dotnet/docfx)**  						  	| Project's documentation tools	  		               |
| **[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)**  						  	| Open-source fonts				  		               |

### Contributing

Check [CONTRIBUTING](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to know how to help with the project. Also check out our [Code of Conduct](./.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
